authenticationRequirement defination change - Update signin.md (#9626)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs-contrib: api-reference/beta/resources/signin.md

> |authenticationRequirement | String |The the authentication stage reached during the sign-in. Does not account for previously satisfied claims. If primary authentication fails, the sign-in attempt is not evaluated by Conditional Access, so the resulting value is `SingleFactorAuthentication`. <br/><br/> Supports `$filter` (`eq`, `startsWith`).|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|authenticationRequirement | String |The authentication stage reached during sign-in. It doesn't account for previously satisfied claims. If primary authentication fails, the sign-in attempt is not evaluated by Conditional Access, so the resulting value is `singleFactorAuthentication`. <br/><br/> Supports `$filter` (`eq`, `startsWith`).|
```
